
Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

Contents lists available at ScienceDirect

Economic Analysis and Policy

journal homepage: www.elsevier.com/locate/eap

# Modelling economic policy issues

# Volatility connectedness among the Indian equity and major commodity markets under the COVID-19 scenario✩

Ran Lu a, Wen Xu b,∗, Hongjun Zeng c, Xiangjing Zhou d

a Department of Accounting, Economics and Finance, Swinburne School of Business, Law and Entrepreneurship, Swinburne University of Technology, Melbourne, Australia

b Department of Accountancy and Finance, University of Otago, New Zealand

c School of Accounting, Information Systems and Supply Chain, RMIT University, Melbourne, Australia

d Department of Finance, Guangxi Vocational College of Technology and Business, Nanning, China

# a r t i c l e           i n f o            a b s t r a c t

Article history:

Received 2 February 2023

Received in revised form 25 April 2023

Accepted 22 May 2023

Available online 30 May 2023

In this paper, the dynamic relationship between the volatilities of both the Indian equity market and six major commodity markets is analyzed during the COVID-19 pandemic. We employ the time-varying parameters vector autoregression model and wavelet coherence approach to assessing market connectedness. The results reveal a significant increase in volatility correlation and spillovers between the Indian equity market and the six major commodity markets after the outbreak of COVID-19. Furthermore, it was found that after the COVID-19 outbreak, the volatility from the commodity markets rapidly spilled over to the Indian equity market. Similar evidence is also suggested by the wavelet coherence and confirms that the high level of contagion mainly occurs in the medium and long term. We further incorporate our evidence with hedging ratio and minimum portfolio connectedness weight. The results uncover that copper and crude oil are useful assets for Indian equity investors to conduct hedging and construct the portfolio.

JEL classification: G10, G13, F21, F10

# Keywords:

Volatility Connectedness, Wavelet coherence, Indian equity market, COVID-19, Commodity markets, Hedging Ratio, Minimum connectedness portfolio

# 1. Introduction

The COVID-19 outbreak devastated global financial markets (Chowdhury et al., 2021; Nicola et al., 2020; Hasan et al., 2021). The terrible impact of COVID-19 on the overall economic environment can be seen in the negative annual GDP growth of the world’s major economies, including India, in 2020 (Jena et al., 2021). Meanwhile, during a period of extreme market shocks in a COVID-19 pandemic, market participants may adjust their investment strategies out of fear of economic uncertainty, which can also affect the volatility of financial markets (Li et al., 2022; Lu and Zeng, 2023). Similar to the 2007–2008 Great Financial Crisis (GFC), as market prices fluctuated dramatically, managers and investors attempted to develop appropriate strategies for risk management during the COVID-19 period. COVID-19’s severe impact has been identified by many previous studies as a source of systemic risk (Zhu et al., 2021; Abuzayed et al., 2021; Rizwan et al., 2021).

✩ This research is funded by GreenCrush, Melbourne, Australia.

∗ Corresponding author. E-mail addresses: ranlu@swin.edu.au (R. Lu), xuwe0015@student.otago.ac.nz (W. Xu), hongjun.zeng@student.rmit.edu.au (H. Zeng), xiangjing.zhou9@gmail.com (X. Zhou).

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eap.2023.05.020

0313-5926/© 2023 Economic Society of Australia, Queensland. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).

Editors: Md Sayed Iftekhar, Sushanta Mallick, Dongmin Kong, Rabindra Nepal





R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

2020), and the potential contagion effects are usually found during periods of market stress (Bae et al., 2003). Based on these assumptions, from a market correlation perspective, extreme shocks across commodity markets tend to occur and hit the traditional equity market during crises (Chevallier and Ielpo, 2013).

The consolidation of financial markets stimulates complex dynamics of returns and volatility, particularly during crisis times. The information transmission between equity and commodity markets may be more tightly linked during these times. Although the correlation among equity and commodity markets has been studied in previous research, the correlation among Indian equity markets and commodity assets has rarely been explored. The purpose of this study is to fill the gaps in the literature on the volatility relationship between the Indian equity market and the world commodity markets during the COVID-19 crisis. The motivations for including the Indian equity market in this analysis are as follows:

1. Firstly, India is a major importer and consumer of commodities. Over the last decade, India’s imports and consumption of commodities such as gold and crude oil have been among the highest in the world (Groww, 2022). The turmoil in the commodities markets during the COVID-19 crisis has likely had a significant impact on India’s imports and exports.
2. Secondly, India is an important emerging market and one of the five BRICS countries, emphasizing its significance in the global economic system. Additionally, India, the world’s third and sixth largest economies in terms of PPP and GDP respectively, is still considered an emerging market with potential for growth (Saqib and Satar, 2021).

Fig. 1 shows the value of India’s merchandise exports and imports (in US dollars), the value of India’s GDP adjusted for purchasing power parity (PPP), and the share of India’s GDP in global GDP over the period 2012–2021. We can see that the general trend shows a steady increase, except in certain periods of market crisis (e.g., COVID-19). This also shows the increasing importance of India as the world’s largest democracy in the world economic system (Hameiri et al., 2019).

The impact of COVID-19 on the interconnectedness of international commodity markets and Indian equity markets was foreseeable. Global commodity markets have also suffered from the impact of COVID-19, resulting in price volatility and supply chain disruptions. In addition, COVID-19 led to a global economic downturn and uncertainty (Elleby et al., 2020; Zeng et al., 2023a,b). Thus, it is intuitive to assume that a sudden outbreak of COVID-19 in India would not only deal a heavy blow to the country’s own economy but also lead to disruptions in the Asian and global economies, thereby impacting the commodity market (Byttebier, 2022). Specifically, due to the spread of COVID-19, a massive collapse of human capital directly led to a significant reduction in economic activity and a contraction of the service sector in India. When the world’s fifth-largest economy and one of the largest importers and consumers of commodities in the world face a crisis, the recession could potentially have a greater impact on imports and exports in other countries and therefore on the global commodity markets.

Several factors contribute to the interconnection of the Indian and international commodity markets, including:

1. Capital flows due to investor investment decisions between equity and commodity markets (Reinhart and Reinhart, 2009). As a result of financial liberalization, economic globalization, and the information technology revolution, Indian investors have added major international commodity futures markets (e.g., corn and soybeans, etc.) to portfolios that include the Indian stock market (Gong et al., 2023), thereby hedging their exposure to the Indian stock market;
2. Mutual funds that allocate assets between the equity and commodity markets (Liang, 1999; Fung and Hsieh, 1999). Where fund managers favor commodity varieties with long-term high value (e.g., crude oil and soybeans, etc.), while the Indian stock market has the same long-term value as a developing emerging asset;
3. International economic linkages through international trade and exchange rate movements (Nissanke, 2012; Andreasson et al., 2016). Integration between equity and commodity markets has gradually increased due to trade blocks and globalization factors.

Modern portfolio theory recommends constructing portfolios of weakly correlated markets to maximize the benefits of diversification. These factors interconnect the market information of the Indian stock and commodity markets and link their volatilities closely together. Consequently, many of these factors will be seriously impacted when the global crisis comes, especially during the COVID-19 period. The original dynamic linkage and pattern of information transmission are potentially disrupted.

We aim to provide an overview of Indian equity and commodity markets during COVID-19 as well as a diversification analysis for investors and fund managers. In addition to only analyzing correlations and spillover effects in the general framework, we further consider that market participants may have heterogeneous views on different investment periods, such as long-term and short-term. Given the important role of international commodity price volatility in risk management, asset pricing, policy planning, and trading, our findings from an examination of the risk association between Indian stock markets and international commodity markets will provide new insights for relevant market participants, with a particular focus on the pattern of volatility transmission following the severe shock to the global economy from COVID-19.

More Specifically, to explore the impact of COVID-19, we divide our sample period into two parts: pre- and during COVID-19. To analyze heterogeneous investing view on spillover effects and correlations, we employ the time-varying parameters vector autoregression (TVP-VAR) model and wavelet coherence approach to measure and compare the patterns of spillovers and connections at different frequencies over different periods. Soni and Nandan (2022) investigated the volatility correlation among Indian equity and commodity futures markets and found that gold futures in India offer hedging possibilities for equities under both normal and crisis market conditions. However, our study is sufficiently distinct from their paper: (1) On the data side, our study uses high-frequency data to measure realized volatility in a non-parametric manner (Do et al., 2016; Bissoondoyal-Bheenick et al., 2019), while Soni and Nandan (2022) use daily return data to capture volatility in a parametric manner. (2) On the methodological side, Soni and Nandan (2022) do not consider spillover effects between markets. Soni and Nandan (2022) use a DCC-GARCH bivariate framework that captures

1466




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# Commodities Import and Export Value ($US) of India

| COMMODITIES |        |
| ----------- | ------ |
| Import      | Export |
| 500B        | 500B   |
| 400B        | 400B   |
| 300B        | 300B   |
| 200B        | 200B   |
| 100B        | 100B   |
| 0           | 0      |

# GDP (In Bil. US$PPP) of India

| GDP (in Bil. US$P) |        |
| ------------------ | ------ |
| 10,000             | 10,000 |
| 8,000              | 8,000  |
| 6,000              | 6,000  |
| 4,000              | 4,000  |
| 2,000              | 2,000  |
| 0                  | 0      |

# India's share of global gross domestic product (GDP)

India's share of global gross domestic product (GDP)
3.20
3.10
3.00
2.90
2.80
2.70
2.60
2.50
2.40

Fig. 1. Key Information about macroeconomic data of India.

Source: World Bank database (https://data.worldbank.org/).

1467




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

The system for only two markets per iteration. To fill this gap in their literature, we use a TVP-VAR connectedness model that captures the interrelationships of all markets considered and more clearly examines the role of each market in the system (volatility senders and receivers). Furthermore, in contrast to fixed-parameter VAR models that assume constant parameters at each rolling window, the TVP-VAR method allows the coefficients to change over time, so it can quickly adjust to events such as economic, financial, and political shocks (Pham and Do, 2022). This spillover information has the potential to provide more detailed information about the patterns of information transmission for market participants to make investment decisions or formulate policies.

Our study has implications for academics and investment professionals who are interested in the economic effects of the dynamic volatility connection between Indian equity and commodity markets during COVID-19. We used two approaches: the TVP-VAR-based spillover index and wavelet coherence to assess the degree of volatility transmission between the Indian equity and commodity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak was the main factor causing changes in total connectedness during the sample period and time horizon. The pandemic greatly affected total volatility connectedness, with a peak of 35.78% following the outbreak, supporting the theory that COVID-19 leads to more significant volatility-related fluctuations in financial asset volatility. We also found that Indian equities experienced greater volatility spillovers during the COVID-19 outbreak, being net senders of volatility in all pairwise directions. During the COVID-19 period, Indian equity markets sent the strongest volatility spillovers to copper and gold markets. Therefore, the soybean market could diversify the risk of investing in an Indian equity portfolio during a pandemic. Wavelet results showed that metals (gold and copper) and crude oil significantly co-moved with the Indian equity market during the COVID-19 period.

Our paper makes novel contributions and important practical implications. Firstly, the risk of investing in the Indian equity market increases during the COVID-19 pandemic due to increased volatility and interdependence across commodity markets. However, the gold and copper markets still play a role in contributing to volatility. In order to hedge against financial risks related to a crisis, investors may construct value investing strategies based on their risk appetite based on our findings of lead–lag correlations between significant commodity markets in Indian equity markets across time and frequency domains.

Other sections of the paper are organized as follows: Section 2 deals with literature reviews. In Section 3, the data are described, and the methodology is explained. In Section 4, we present the results of our empirical study. In Section 5, we conclude with some policy implications.

# 2. Literature review

Firstly, our research is relevant to the literature on price correlations and risk connections between other markets and commodities. Maghyereh et al. (2016) find that crude oil dominates stock market volatility, and they observe that most of the linkages between crude oil and stock markets were established in the post-2008/09 financial crisis period. Naeem et al. (2022) examine the hedging role of oil and gold for commodities during the period surrounding the 2008/09 financial crisis, and they find that oil was only able to hedge the role of agricultural commodities and metals prior to the financial crisis. Furthermore, from the empirical evidence, oil was more effective as a hedge than the other commodities, including gold, metals, and many others. Caporin et al. (2021) use five-minute trading data from commodity markets to report that volatility correlations for energy, metals, and food commodities have long-run characteristics, and in addition, market realized volatility has low inter-group correlations, significant cluster clustering, and high intra-group network-based connectedness. Naeem et al. (2022) demonstrate that energy uncertainty has a positive impact on the US basic materials and resources, natural gas, oil, financial, and real estate sectors, and a negative impact on the consumer services, industrial healthcare, consumer goods, and technology sectors. Farid et al. (2022) document that the extreme tail connectedness among energy, agricultural, and metal commodity markets is greater than that under normal market conditions. Furthermore, they find that return spillovers between energy, agricultural commodities, and metals are strong during COVID-19, and in addition, investing in soft commodities and livestock commodities diversifies exposure to energy markets.

In the Indian equity and commodity markets, there is some evidence of risk spillover. The TVP-VAR model used by Yadav et al. (2020) demonstrated that the Indian stock market and commodity market have no two-way causal relationship. The returns on cardamom are influenced by the Indian equity market, while the returns on cotton are influenced by the Indian equity market. Multivariate generalized autoregressive heteroskedasticity models (GARCH) are used to study with gold, you can hedge and have a safe haven at the same time, cryptocurrencies, and commodities on the Indian equity market in Majumder (2022). During COVID-19 and the previous flat market period, most commodities had significant hedging power against the Indian equity market. The Indian equity market is, however, hedged by natural gas, crude oil, and aluminum. Also see Maitra and Dawar (2019), where they examine volatility spillovers in Indian equities and commodity futures during 2008–2009. During the crisis, the Indian equity market caused unidirectional volatility in commodity markets, according to their findings.

In contrast, after the COVID financial crisis, the direction of risk spillover shifted. Roy and Roy (2017) estimate the time-varying correlation and volatility spillover effects among the Indian commodity derivatives market and the Indian equity market. They found that volatility is only transmitted unidirectionally from the Indian equity market to the Indian commodity derivatives market. Kumar et al. (2019) investigated crude oil, natural gas, and Indian equity price volatility spillovers over time. Jhunjhunwala and Suresh (2020) also show that natural gas and aluminum are subject to unidirectional volatility shocks caused by oil in the Indian equity market.

1468



R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

As a result of the foregoing, most research has been conducted on the interaction between Indian equity markets and commodity markets before COVID-19. Infectious disease pandemics have rarely been examined in relation to the dynamic volatility relationship between Indian equity markets and commodity futures markets. In the current global economy, India is one of the emerging macroeconomies. As the Indian economy grows and stabilizes, investors from around the world will be attracted to reap high and stable returns in a short period of time, while the need for resources and raw materials will continue to grow as the Indian economy grows (Alam et al., 2021). Considering the aftermath of the COVID-19 outbreak, it is therefore vital and imperative to examine the possible linkages between Indian equity and commodity markets.

# 3. Methodology and data

# 3.1. TVP-VAR connectedness method

To investigate potential asymmetric connections between the Indian equity market and six major commodity markets, the TVP-VAR connectedness method introduced by Diebold and Yilmaz (2009), Diebold and Yilmaz (2012) and Antonakakis et al. (2020) were used:

zt = Bt zt−1 + ut, ut ∼ N(0, Σt) (1)

vec(Bt) = vec(Bt−1) + vt, vt ∼ N(0, Rt)

where zt is a k × 1 the dimensional vectors at time t and ut are the corresponding error terms. Σt and Bt are dimensional matrices reflecting k × k dimensions’ time-varying variance covariance and time-varying VAR coefficient matrix, respectively. vec(Bt) denotes the vectorization of Bt. In other words, vec(Bt) and vt are the k2 × 1 dimensional vectors, Rt are k2 × k2 dimensional matrices denoting the variance–covariance matrix of time-varying coefficients.

Then, the TVR-VAR model is converted to a time-varying parametric vector moving average (TVP-VMA) model based on the generalized forecast error variance decomposition (GFEVD) proposed by Koop et al. (1996) and Pesaran and Shin (1998). This conversion can be presented as follow:

∑i=1p zt = ∑h=0∞ Bi,t zt−i + ut = ∑h=0∞ Ah,t ut−h (2)

Where Ah,t = ∑l=1p Bl,t Ah−p,t, A0,t is the unit matrix and Ah,t = 0 when h&#x3C;0; Then, the H step ahead GFEVD describing the effect of the market j on the share of variance of the prediction error for variable i could be calculated as follows:

ψij,t(H) = Σj=1k Σh=0H−1 (θ′Ah,t Σt θj)² / Σh=0H−1 (θ′Ah,t Σt A′h,t θj) (3)

where θj are k × 1 selection vectors with the jth elements are 1, otherwise 0; j=1 ψij,t(H) = 1 and i,j=1 ψij,t(H) = k.

If variable i extends its shock to the allocation variable j, the directional connectedness will be measured according to the following equation:

gCi→j,t(H) = ∑j=1,i=j ψji,t(H) (4)

Otherwise, if all the other variables j pass shocks through variable i, the directional connectedness from the other variables will be calculated according to the following equation:

gCi←j,t(H) = ∑j=1,i=j ψij,t(H) (5)

Net total directional connectedness can be estimated as the degree of directional connectedness and the difference between directional connectedness and other directional connectedness, using the following equation:

Cg(H) = Cgi,t(H) − Cgi←j,t(H) (6)

To calculate market interconnectedness, the Total connectedness Index (TCI) can be calculated using the following formula:

Ct(H) = ∑i,j=1,i≠j ψi,t(H) / ∑i,j=1 ψij,t(H) (7)

1469


R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# 3.2. Wavelet coherence method

This paper also explores the pattern of co-movement between the two markets during COVID-19 and its characteristics at different time scales. This study uses wavelet methods to reveal a multiscale interaction between COVID-19.

# 3.2.1. The continuous wavelet transforms

For now, let us assume a continuous wavelet transform Wˣ(u, s) is obtained by the combination of the wavelet function (.) with the time series x(t) ∈ L²(R). Namely, the formula of Wₓ(u, s) is as follows:

Wₓ(u, s) = ∫−∞∞ 1/s ψ(t − u) x(t) dt

Where s is the scale parameter defining how the wavelet is stretched, u is the location parameter defining the position of the wavelet. 1/s plays a normalization factor ensuring the variance of wavelet equal to 1. The wavelet function, Wₓ(u, s), also needs to satisfy the admissibility condition which ensures the wavelet obtain a zero mean and unit energy. Thus, the admissibility condition is defined as:

Cψ = ∫0∞ ψ(f) df &#x3C; ∞

Where ψ(f) is the Fourier transform of a wavelet function ψ(.). To ensure the wavelet scale approximately equal to the Fourier period, in this paper, we follow Vacha and Barunik (2012) to utilize the Morlet wavelet function with central frequency equals to 6. The corresponding Morlet wavelet function is defined as:

ψᴹᵒʳᵉˡᵉᵗ(f) = π−1/2 exp(6it − 0.5t2)

Where i = √−1. Next, similar to the inverse Fourier transformation, the time series x(t) can be reconstructed and extracted from the continuous wavelet transforms. Namely,

x(t) = 1/Cψ ∫0∞ [∫−∞∞ Wₓ(u, s) ψ(t − u)] ds du

It is also worth noting that the continuous wavelet transform still preserve the energy of the time series x(t):

∥x∥² = 1/Cψ ∫0∞ [∫−∞∞ |Wₓ(u, s)|² du] ds

# 3.2.2. Wavelet coherence

In the previous subsection, we briefly define the Wₓ(u, s) to denote the continuous wavelet function of time series x(t). In this study, we aim to check the cross correlation between markets at different frequencies. Therefore, the Wavelet coherence, a bivariate framework, is employed to study the interaction of two time series. In order to describe wavelet coherence properly, we need to first define cross wavelet transform and cross wavelet power (Torrence and Compo, 1998) defined x(t) and y(t) as:

Wxy(u, s) = Wₓ(u, s) Wy*(u, s)

Wₓ(u, s) and Wy(u, s) are the continuous wavelet transforms of x(t) and y(t), the symbol * indicates the complex conjugate. Further, the wavelet coherence is constructed to examine whether the time series move together in the time–frequency space. To detect whether the time series x(t) and y(t) have common power, one can calculate the cross-wavelet power and the squared wavelet coherence coefficient. Following Torrence and Webster (1999) and Liu (1994), the squared wavelet coherence coefficient can be calculated as follow:

R²(u, s) = |Sms−1Wxy(u, s)|² / (Sms−1 |Wₓ(u, s)|² Sms−1 |Wy(u, s)|²)

Where Sm(.) denotes the smoothing operator, |Wxy(u, s)| denotes the cross-wavelet power between continuous wavelet transforms of x(t) and y(t) with local parameter u, and scale parameter s. The squared wavelet coherence coefficient is constructed to examine the strength of the correlation. Namely, when values are close to zero, a weak correlation is present, while when they are close to one, there is a strong correlation. Unfortunately, as noted by Goodell and Goutte (2021), unlike the traditional correlation between two series, the squared wavelet coherence coefficient is restricted to be positive. A possible way to solve this problem is to follow Torrence and Compo (1998) to study the phase difference so as to capture the bi-directional movement. Following that, we define the wavelet coherent phase difference in accordance with Torrence and Webster (1999) as follows:

ϕxy(u, s) = tan−1 (Sms−1Wxy(u, s)) / R{Sms−1Wxy(u, s)}



R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

Where T {Sm (s−1Wxy(u, s))} denotes the imagined part of the smoothed cross-wavelet function, R {Sm (s−1Wxy(u, s))} denotes the real part of the smoothed cross-wavelet function. Phase is indicated by arrows on the wavelet coherence plot. It not only provides the correlation of markets, but, like the Granger Causality test, provides causal relationship between series. More specifically, the examined time series move together when there is no phase difference. The arrows point left (right) when a time series is in phase (inverse) or positive (negative). An upward pointing arrow indicates that the first time series leads the second time series by 90◦, while a down arrow denotes that the second time series leads the first time series by 90◦. In a more complicated case, we have a series of positions, for example, an up and right arrow indicates that the time series are in phase, with the first time series leading the second time series.

# 3.2.3. Hedging ratio and minimum connectedness portfolio strategy

In the previous two subsections, we provide a brief picture on the methods of how the markets’ risk interconnected. In this section, we firstly introduce the hedging ratio to help the investors to judge the portfolio performance in hedging effectiveness. Then, we turn to describe minimum connectedness portfolio weights to provide exact trading strategies for the investors considering the entire network of connectedness.

Hedging ratios are widely used to measure the hedging performance of futures with respect to its spot. Pham and Do (2022) extend it into a kind of trading strategies. Following the same spirit of Pham and Do (2022), for now, let us assume we only target two assets i and j. To construct the hedging portfolio P, we long one unit i, meanwhile short γ units j. That is to say that, the return (rp) and variance of the portfolio (Σ2) could be represented as

rp = ri − γ rj

Σ2 = σ2i − 2γ ρσiσj + γ2σ2j

Where γ denotes the hedging ratio, ρ denotes the correlation of return between asset i and j. Therefore, to satisfy the minimum-variance hedging structure, the optimal hedging ratio γ* could be achieved through taking the first derivative on the Σ2 with respect to γ. Indeed, one could achieve the simplest constant optimal hedging ratio γ* by running the linear regression directly. The perfect hedged would be obtained when the estimated coefficient γ* is equal to one. However, as the variance and correlation go to time-varying, the constant hedging ratio may not be correctly specified and should be expected to vary response with time. In other words, the time-varying optimal hedging ratio (γt*) should be specified as

γt* = ρt σi,t / σj,t

Where ρt denotes the time varying correlation of return between asset i and j, σi,t and σj,t denotes the volatility of asset i and j, respectively. In this paper, we target at how the Indian investors use their equity to conduct hedging by using the six main commodity markets. Therefore, we utilize the realized volatility of Indian market to denote the volatility of asset i, and one of the commodities’ realized volatilities to denote σj,t. Moreover, conceptually, ρt should be substituted by the realized correlation suggested by Barndorff-Nielsen and Shephard (2004) when the realized volatility is employed. Due to the limitation of datasets,1 we utilize the time-varying correlation generated by the DCC-GARCH (Engle, 2002) to substitute the ρt.

Hedging ratio could roughly describe the performance of portfolio. However, it is less informative about how the market connected with each other. Following Broadstock et al. (2022), Tiwari et al. (2022) and Pham and Do (2022), we construct minimum connectedness portfolio weights to help the investors to construct the portfolios. Minimum connectedness portfolio is constructed based on the pairwise spillover connectedness index of our TVP-VAR model and spillover index. In other words, once the pairwise spillover connectedness index matrix obtained, we could calculate the minimum weights of portfolio as follow:

wt = IPCIt−1

Where PCI−1 denotes the inverse of pairwise spillover connectedness index matrix obtained from our TVP-VAR model, I is the matrix of ones.

1 In Dacheng Xiu’s lab and the Oxford Institute of Quantitative Finance, they provide the volatility measure directly. However, the realized correlation should be calculated through high-frequency returns.

2 Tiwari et al. (2022) and Pham and Do (2022) define the matrix of I as the identity matrix. However, after calculation, we find that if matrix I is defined as the identity matrix leading the portfolio weight exactly equal to one. The minimum connectedness portfolio aims to capture the weight of portfolio considering the entire connectedness. The use of identity matrix will restrict the impact of other markets to be exactly zero, therefore it is an inappropriate definition. Therefore, we follow the David Gabauer’s github’s code using the matrix of ones to calculate the weight. The website of David Gabauer’s github is https://github.com/YiffyGuo/GrabauerDavid-ConnectednessApproach.

1471




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

Fig. 2. The percentage of world volume in each futures segment.

Source: Futures Industry Association (FIA).

# Table 1

# Summary statistics.

|             | BSESN          | Oil           | Soybean      | Wheat         | Gold          | Corn         | Copper       |
| ----------- | -------------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Mean        | −9.971         | −1.256        | −1.756       | −1.410        | −2.017        | −1.630       | −1.664       |
| Variance    | 0.570          | 0.196         | 0.091        | 0.076         | 0.114         | 0.143        | 0.080        |
| Skewness    | 1.108          | 0.858         | 0.263        | 0.139         | 0.753         | 0.294        | 0.478        |
| Kurtosis    | 3.872          | 2.347         | 0.500        | 0.511         | 1.538         | 0.498        | 0.812        |
| Jarque–Bera | 1292.334\*\*\* | 102.329\*\*\* | 38.848\*\*\* | 301.189\*\*\* | 549.275\*\*\* | 34.323\*\*\* | 22.205\*\*\* |
| ADF         | −5.881\*\*\*   | −4.061\*\*\*  | −5.129\*\*\* | −5.402\*\*\*  | −4.990\*\*\*  | −4.489\*\*\* | −5.681\*\*\* |

Note: ADF test for unit roots, which tests the smoothness of the series. *, **, and *** indicate significance at 10%, 5%, and 1%, respectively.

# 3.3. Data

This paper uses the Indian equity market (BSESN) and, referring to previous relevant literature (Adekoya and Oliyide, 2021; Zhang et al., 2022; Kang et al., 2017), selects three food commodities (soybeans, wheat, and corn), two metals (copper and gold), and crude oil as the major commodity markets. Those commodities play an important role in the entire commodity market. As shown in Fig. 2, our selection of commodity futures varieties is the most representative of the varieties of the future in each of the major commodity futures segments (except Others). We have essentially covered the most actively traded futures and those with large positions. Datasets from Dacheng Xiu’s lab and the Oxford Institute of Quantitative Finance are also commonly used in recent studies (Wei et al., 2021; Zeng and Lu, 2022; Zeng et al., 2023a,b). The time frame of the sample is from 1 January 2012 to 31 January 2022. The dataset was divided into two parts based on the Wuhan closure date of 23 January 2020. Finally, we utilize the 5 min markets’ price calculated realized volatility (RV) and present them into the logarithmic form.

Using logged RV data as a market risk metric has significant advantages for highly liquid markets such as equities and commodities. Barndorff-Nielsen and Shephard (2002) describe realized volatility as a non-parametric estimate of intra-day price volatility that is easy to calculate and does not make any functional assumptions. A second reason is that the daily logged realized volatility’s distribution appears to be very close to the Gaussian normal distribution, which means that it satisfies most assumptions in risk analysis models (Liu et al., 2022).

# 4. Empirical results analysis

Table 1 provides descriptive statistics for the RVs logged for all markets. As shown in Table 1, in the statistical values of the J-B statistic, the J-B values for each market are positive at the 1% significance level, demonstrating that the distribution

1472
Agriculture




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# Fig. 3. Logged-realized volatility dynamics of markets.

of the log return series in the above table is not normal. Also, the skewness values are more significant than zero, indicating a right-hand bias. The BSESN return series kurtosis has a value greater than 3, which indicates a spike. The ADF unit root tests are significant, proving smooth log series for all markets. Fig. 3 provides a graph of RVs logged across all markets. We can see that RV data for the crude oil market experienced a substantial swing in early 2020 (early after the COVID-19 outbreak).

# Table 2

shows that the total connectedness index among the Indian equity market and the major commodity markets increased from 34.83% before the COVID-19 outbreak to 35.78% through the COVID-19 outbreak, expressing a stronger correlation between the various markets after the outbreak. Along with the global COVID-19 outbreak and the subsequent recovery from the epidemic, the spillover effect of Indian equities on selected major commodity markets was influenced by the general international economic environment, with India’s position as a significant global consumer market for commodities becoming more closely connected to equities in major commodity markets. However, following the outbreak

-6- of COVID-19, international oil prices triggered global equity market turmoil, which led to the collapse of equity markets -8 in more countries and commodity markets and increased gross earnings spillovers and correlations between India and selected commodity markets due to financial risk contagion. This result is consistent with that of Mensi et al. (2021).

Regarding Net Connectedness (NET), the Indian equity market was an information receiver (−2.66%) before the outbreak. It turned into an information transmitter after the outbreak (0.22%), denoting that the Indian equity market was a net contributor to volatility during the COVID-19 period. This pattern also applies to the copper market, which was a spillover sender to the system during COVID-19 (0.99%). In contrast, crude oil markets are volatile, were an information receiver (−2.85%) before the COVID-19 outbreak and became the most significant information receiver in all markets (−5.80%) during the COVID-19 outbreak, indicating that the crude oil market was more influenced by other markets in the system and was more influenced by other markets along with the outbreak. Over the sample period, corn was a net sender of spillover, whereas gold and wheat were net recipients.

# Fig. 4

is the system’s total connectedness index, and we can see that the connectedness index for all markets fluctuates between 30% and 50%. It is worth noting that the total connectedness index exceeded 60% for the first time in 2012 due to the continued influx of international capital that brought the Indian equity market to its highest point (Mwangi et al., 2014). Meanwhile, during the COVID-19 outbreak in the first quarter of 2020, the total connectedness index peaked at over 65% at the beginning of the outbreak, as the outbreak affected the Indian equity market and major commodity markets, and gradually recovered during the outbreak, resulting in a gradual decline in the total connectedness index later on. As expected, the dynamic total connectedness index varies with time. During stressful times in the market, an example would be early COVID-19, the value of dynamic total connectedness rises accordingly. Our conclusions are mostly consistent with the findings of Balcilar et al. (2021).

2020    2022




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# Table 2

# TVP-VAR connectedness index.

# Panel A. Before COVID-19 (01/01/2012-22/01/2020)

|         | BSESN | Oil   | Soybean | Wheat | Gold  | Corn  | Copper | FROM       |
| ------- | ----- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| BSESN   | 89.51 | 2.09  | 1.43    | 1.35  | 2.96  | 1.04  | 1.61   | 10.49      |
| Oil     | 1.92  | 72.17 | 2.55    | 1.56  | 10.90 | 1.63  | 9.27   | 27.83      |
| Soybean | 0.88  | 1.77  | 52.63   | 15.97 | 1.72  | 24.93 | 2.10   | 47.37      |
| Wheat   | 0.72  | 0.92  | 17.60   | 54.58 | 1.49  | 22.98 | 1.70   | 45.42      |
| Gold    | 2.05  | 10.63 | 2.67    | 2.08  | 67.39 | 2.15  | 13.02  | 32.61      |
| Corn    | 0.66  | 1.03  | 24.05   | 20.04 | 1.60  | 50.74 | 1.88   | 49.26      |
| Copper  | 1.60  | 8.53  | 3.03    | 2.61  | 12.22 | 2.83  | 69.17  | 30.83      |
| TO      | 7.83  | 24.98 | 51.34   | 43.61 | 30.91 | 55.56 | 29.58  | 243.80     |
| NET     | −2.66 | −2.85 | 3.97    | −1.81 | −1.70 | 6.30  | −1.25  | TCI=34.83% |

# Panel B. During COVID-19 (23/01/2020-31/01/2022)

|         | BSESN | Oil   | Soybean | Wheat | Gold  | Corn  | Copper | FROM       |
| ------- | ----- | ----- | ------- | ----- | ----- | ----- | ------ | ---------- |
| BSESN   | 88.92 | 1.92  | 1.47    | 1.13  | 2.28  | 0.95  | 3.34   | 11.08      |
| Oil     | 2.97  | 68.13 | 4.50    | 2.11  | 5.45  | 2.33  | 14.50  | 31.87      |
| Soybean | 1.16  | 3.32  | 53.07   | 14.21 | 3.00  | 21.83 | 3.41   | 46.93      |
| Wheat   | 0.79  | 1.22  | 16.36   | 59.34 | 0.78  | 19.79 | 1.72   | 40.66      |
| Gold    | 1.77  | 5.31  | 4.02    | 1.78  | 67.45 | 3.79  | 15.90  | 32.55      |
| Corn    | 1.06  | 1.65  | 22.48   | 16.79 | 1.86  | 53.35 | 2.81   | 46.65      |
| Copper  | 3.55  | 12.66 | 4.34    | 2.38  | 14.09 | 3.68  | 59.31  | 40.69      |
| TO      | 11.30 | 26.07 | 53.17   | 38.39 | 27.47 | 52.36 | 41.69  | 250.45     |
| NET     | 0.22  | −5.80 | 6.24    | −2.28 | −5.09 | 5.71  | 0.99   | TCI=35.78% |

Note: Results are estimated by a TVP-VAR with order 1-lag with 20-step-ahead GFEVD. Using the data, we calculate the total connectedness index, the net connectedness index, the directional connectedness index, and the spillover index between two markets. TO in the table represents the spillover effect of a market on other markets. FROM represents the spillover effect of other markets on a market, and NET measures the net spillover index. Markets with a positive NET value are transmitters of information in the system, while markets with a negative NET value are receivers of information.

# Fig. 4. Total Connectedness Index.

Fig. 5 shows the dynamic NET spillover indices for the Indian equity market and six important commodity markets. Markets with positive net spillover values transmit information, while markets with negative net spillover values receive information. However, in terms of the NET connectedness measure, we can clearly see that the Indian equity market has been a net recipient of volatility from the system for most of the sample period. Meanwhile, the copper and soya markets have been receivers of information for most of the sample period. Also, the net spillover indices for the wheat, gold, and crude oil markets have been information receivers for most of the sample period. On the other hand, the corn market was a net transmitter of information for most of the sample period (Umar et al., 2021).

Firstly, in Fig. 6, we observe that the Indian equity market exhibited high levels of net dynamic connectedness with the gold and copper markets at all times, especially with the emergence of market crises (e.g. the COVID-19 pandemic), which rose sharply. Subsequently, except for the gold and copper markets, paired net connectedness levels for all other assets gradually recovered after the initial market panic brought on by the COVID-19 outbreak. These results suggest that

1474




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# Fig. 5. NET Connectedness.

# Fig. 6. BSESN-Oil

| 30  | BSESN-Wheat | BSESN-Gold |
| --- | ----------- | ---------- |
| 25  | BSESN-Corn  |            |
| 20  |             |            |
| 10  |             |            |
| 0   |             |            |
| -10 |             |            |
| -20 |             |            |

The Indian equity market is more sensitive to the crisis than other markets due to its volatile linkages with gold and copper. This can partly be attributed to India’s import and consumption of gold and copper. These results confirm that the Indian equity market maintained its volatility spillover to the major commodity markets after the COVID-19 outbreak. This was mainly the most significant volatility spillover to the gold and copper markets. This result is partially consistent with Mishra et al. findings. (2023), who also found gold to be a net recipient of volatility spillovers.

The previous analysis showed that the Indian equity market is closely connected to global commodities markets. Continuously significant bidirectional spillover effects could be observed at different frequency periods. Although the spillover indices are informative, they cannot reveal the frequency structure of the correlation between the Indian equity market and significant commodity markets. Next, we will use wavelet coherence techniques to examine the leads or lags of realized volatility among Indian equity and significant commodity markets. We plot wavelet coherence results in Fig. 5.

In Fig. 7, Indian and crude oil exhibited significant frequency over the medium- and long-term dependence (16–256 days), during the sample period late 2017 to early 2018 and in 2021 (time domain), and particularly in the sample interval 2021, crude oil and Indian equity markets have a significant correlation. Indian equity market lead crude oil prices in 2021.

# Time Series Data

| 2010/6/8 | 2012/6/8 | 2014/6/8 |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| 2016/6/8 | 2018/6/8 | 2020/6/8 |
| 2022/6/8 |          |          |

2014  2016  2018  2020  2022




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# Fig. 7. Wavelet Coherence.

Note: In order to better characterize the lead-after-lead causality among the Indian equity market and different commodity markets, a wavelet coherence approach was used to explore the co-movement of the Indian equity market and different commodity markets in the time frequency domain. The chart above shows the wavelet coherence among the Indian equity market and crude oil, soybean, wheat, gold, corn and copper. The blue color indicates weak dependence among the commodity and equity markets and the red color indicates high dependence. The black arrow on the wavelet coherence chart indicates that a zero phase difference indicates that the two series are moving together. When the arrow points to the right (left) the two series are in-phase (anti-phase) or positively (negatively) correlated. An upward-pointing arrow indicates that the first time series leads the second time series, while a downward-pointing arrow means that the second time series leads the first time series; for example, a (→) the arrow indicates a phase shift between two variables, while (←) indicative that the two variables are not in phase with each other. (  ) = leads to the latter variable; (  ) = leads to the former variable.

In the medium-term frequency domain (arrow top right); especially a significant correlation occurs in the sample interval 2019–2021 and the arrow top right, indicating that equities in India lead crude oil prices. On the other hand, due to the shock of COVID-19, the connection between these two variables is in-phase in the long-term frequency domain (64–256 days). In turn, this is because India is main oil import country, so the Indian equity market is undoubtedly exposed to the international crude oil market (Su et al., 2021).

In the long-term frequency domain (64–256 days), there is significant co-movement between Indian equity markets and soybean markets, which suggests a strong correlation between the two over the period of 2018–2021. As Indian agriculture remains on edge as an epidemic worsens, market demand stagnates due to a local blockade (Obayelu et al., 2021), and soybeans lead the Indian equity market (arrow top left).

In Fig. 7, we can also observe that Indian equity and wheat markets exhibit intermittent correlations, concentrated in the short- and medium-term frequency ranges (4–64 days). As shown in the frequency domain at 16–64 days, there is a temporary correlation in the time domain between 2015 and 2016. The arrow points in the right, shows the Indian equity market is ahead of the wheat market due to rare hot weather in India in 2015, which reduced wheat production and influenced wheat prices (Asseng et al., 2015).

Finally, the Indian equity market and gold market exhibit strong correlations both in the short-term (16–64 days) and long-term (64–256 days) frequency domains. This indicates that the Indian market is ahead of the gold market at the beginning of the sample period. In the medium-term (64–256 days) frequency domain, there is again a highly dependent movement in the time zone from late 2019 to 2021 and the gold market is ahead of the Indian market (arrow bottom right) due to the impact on the Indian equity market as a result of the epidemic and a surge in gold investment demand to 79 tonnes in the fourth quarter of late 2020 as Indian investors flock to the gold market, climbing to an eight-year high. All in all, this evidence also reflects the fact that India is the largest gold-consuming market in the world (Investopedia, 2021).

Over the period 2013 to 2019, we observed intermittent correlations between the Indian equity market and the corn market (16–256 days). Long-term frequency domains of 256 days also exhibit a strong correlation, starting at the end of 2019, and the bottom right arrow indicates that corn is ahead of Indian corn due to the tightening of the agricultural market caused by the COVID-19 outbreak, which affects the Indian equity market’s prices.

2021  2207      2001  2002    2202       2021  2007  2201   2008  2202         2001  2207  2001  2006  2001
Mse                                      an Gsn  Ben                           M Rs Be




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# 8. Hedging ratio between the Indian equity market and commodity markets

and copper market, we observe that in the medium-term frequency domain (16–256 days), there is a high degree of correlation in the sample interval (Time domain) for the 2019–2021 year-end, and the Indian market leads the copper market (arrow top right). As a result of the closure of India’s largest copper smelter in 2012, there is a high correlation between copper market prices over the long term (64–256 days) (Evans and Saunders, 2015). Therefore, the Indian equity market has been impacted and there is a strong correlation between them.

Overall, commodity markets and Indian equities move together at high and medium frequencies. Correlations at the medium and high frequencies are mostly driven by cross-sectional correlations, particularly after the outbreak of COVID-19. As a consequence, the increase in correlation during the crisis was primarily caused by an increase in long- and medium-term frequency movements.

From the foregoing, we provide a detailed analysis of how the Indian markets and six major commodities. Further, we consider hedging ratio and minimum connectedness portfolio strategy to help the investors to construct the portfolio. We plot the dynamic of the hedge ratio and portfolio weight in Fig. 8 and Fig. 9, respectively. To better observe the impact of COVID-19, we report the average values in Table 3.

Specifically, in Fig. 8 and Panel A of Table 3, we show and report the dynamic hedge ratio among long positions in the Indian equity market and short positions in commodity markets. The negative hedge ratio indicates that long positions in the Indian equity market should be combined with long positions in commodities. Otherwise, the short position should be employed if we purchase Indian equity. Not surprisingly, it is observed that most of the commodities, except soybean, obtain a positive hedge ratio with the Indian stock market. This evidence certificate that the commodity markets play as a hedge haven for Indian investors before the outbreak of COVID-19. By contrast, this situation changed after the outbreak of COVID-19. In Fig. 8, particularly for the corn, we could observe several extreme negative values occurring after 2020. Similar evidence is also suggested by its average value in Panel A of Table 3. Its hedge ratio dramatically drops to nearly negative 14%, suggesting that the investor in India originally could utilize the corn to hedge before COVID-19, but it increases in hedging costs instead during the COVID-19 period. Interesting evidence is also suggested by the Panel A of Table 3. When most commodities’ hedging effect see a significant decline, the wheat and copper hedge effect seem to fluctuate. To some extent, their hedging effect increased with the outbreak of the pandemic. Further, gold, as the classical hedging instrument, is not hedging effectively for Indian equity, but oil still plays an important role among the six commodities. This is consistent with the rise in risk connectedness between Indian equity and commodity markets during these periods and suggests that when using commodities as a hedging instrument for Indian investors, investors need to develop different portfolio management strategies depending on the market.

The hedge ratio is informative of hedging. However, it is sensitive to extreme values and tells little about portfolio weights. Minimum portfolio weights suggested by Broadstock et al. (2022) provide a framework of inter-connectedness across variables that is more resilient to network shocks. In other words, the higher weight indicates less influence of

| 2014       | 2016 | 2018 | 2020 |
| ---------- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| BSESN-Gold | 1477 |      |      |
| 0-         | -5-  |      |      |





R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# Fig. 9. Time-varying portfolio weights.

# Table 3

# Summary statistics for the hedging ratio and minimum connectedness weight.

# Panel A: Hedge Ratio

|               | Before COVID-19 | During COVID-19 |
| ------------- | --------------- | --------------- |
| BSESN-Copper  | 19.39%          | 19.64%          |
| BSESN-Corn    | 1.45%           | −13.96%         |
| BSESN-Gold    | 2.33%           | 0.59%           |
| BSESN-Soybean | −1.67%          | −19.64%         |
| BSESN-Oil     | 9.03%           | 5.26%           |
| BSESN-Wheat   | 6.65%           | 12.02%          |

# Panel B: Minimum Connectedness Weight

|         | Before COVID-19 | During COVID-19 |
| ------- | --------------- | --------------- |
| BSESN   | 22.48%          | 23.02%          |
| Copper  | 15.79%          | 8.91%           |
| Corn    | 8.06%           | 10.49%          |
| Gold    | 13.61%          | 16.48%          |
| Soybean | 10.82%          | 8.83%           |
| Oil     | 16.76%          | 17.49%          |
| Wheat   | 12.64%          | 14.79%          |

Notes: This table reports the average hedging ratio and minimum connectedness portfolio weight in Panel A and B, respectively. In each panel, the data are separated into Before COVID-19 period and during COVID-19 period. Before COVID-19 cover the period from 01/01/2012–22/01/2020. During COVID-19 covers the period from 23/01/2020–31/01/2022. Moreover, our target is to provide the connectedness information between the Indian investors with commodity markets. Thus, in Panel A, we only report the hedge ratio for the Indian equity markets and commodity markets.

In Fig. 9 and Panel B of Table 3, it is intuitive to observe that BSEN receives the highest weight, as the others belong to the commodity market. Meanwhile, among the commodities, oil obtains the highest in the entire sample period. Moreover, it is worth noting that after the COVID-19 outbreak in early 2020, the weightings of Oil, Wheat, Corn and Gold increased, while the weightings of Indian equities, Copper and Soybean decreased. Similar evidence is also suggested by Panel B of Table 3. This implies that an Indian active portfolio manager would put more weight on oil and particularly on wheat by considering its hedging effectiveness and connectedness.

1478




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

# 5. Conclusions and policy implications

This study provides a detailed analysis of realized volatility connections between six major commodity markets and the Indian equity market. The TVP-VAR connectedness method is used for comparing the level of pairwise spillovers between market segments to assess the inter-relationships between markets and show the impact of COVID-19. Further, we used wavelet coherence analysis to examine the long-, medium-, and short-term effects of correlations between the Indian equity market and segmented commodity markets across different time and frequency intervals. Finally, we consider the hedging ratio and minimum connectedness weight to assist the investors construct portfolio.

Our results showed that, like the global financial markets, the Indian equity market was also hit during the COVID-19 pandemic. This led to increased volatility and connectedness between Indian equity markets and international commodity markets. Studies have also shown that since the COVID-19 outbreak, India’s dynamic linkages with important commodity markets have grown dramatically in terms of volatility linkages. In addition, the Indian equity market has been a net sender of volatility spillovers since the outbreak of COVID-19. In the long-term frequency domain, however, the Indian equity market has remained highly synergistic with the crude oil and precious metals markets, especially after the outbreak of COVID-19. At the same time, the correlation between the Indian equity market and the major commodity markets increased significantly at the start of the pandemic but then gradually weakened and leveled off.

Our results have important implications for market participants. Because the advantages of diversification change in times of crisis, they can be selected according to the needs and appetite for risk of market participants. Specifically, for the Indian portfolio manager, gold is still viewed as one of the most deserved assets to invest in, which has a strong correlation with the Indian equity market at any frequency band. For risk-averse investors, they could adjust portfolio diversification by selling crude oil and wheat. These two commodities are weakly correlated with Indian equity and obtain better hedging ratios in practical investing decisions. In addition, this study is also useful for Indian policymakers to identify which commodity markets have the most significant volatility spillover effects and which are the largest recipients of volatility. Our result suggests that Indian policy could potentially focus on designing macro-prudential policies that can reduce the change in copper and crude oil’s volatility spillover impact, as they obtain two of the highest net spillovers among the commodities.

To sum up, this study provides a general framework relating to the emerging markets: Indian and highly-attended and traded commodity markets. However, there are also some limitations to this study. Firstly, it only focuses on a limited number of commodity markets and the COVID-19 crisis. Secondly, with the changing political and economic situation in the world, the impact of COVID-19 has gradually diminished. Although this study also provides a new direction for research into the connections among the Indian equity market and the broader market, it is important to keep up with the changes in the world, particularly during the period of the Russo-Ukrainian war in 2022, and study the dynamic relationship of the market.

# References

- Abuzayed, B., Bouri, E., Al-Fayoumi, N., Jalkh, N., 2021. Systemic risk spillover across global and country equity markets during the COVID-19 pandemic. Econ. Anal. Policy 71, 180–197.
- Adekoya, O.B., Oliyide, J.A., 2021. How COVID-19 drives connectedness among commodity and financial markets: Evidence from TVP-VAR and causality-in-quantiles techniques. Resour. Policy 70, 101898.
- Alam, A., Khan, A., Ghosal, N., Satpati, L., 2021. A review of resource management and self-reliance for sustainable development of India under COVID-19 scenario. J. Public Affairs 21 (4), e2725.
- Andreasson, P., Bekiros, S., Nguyen, D.K., Uddin, G.S., 2016. Impact of speculation and economic uncertainty on commodity markets. Int. Rev. Financ. Anal. 43, 115–127.
- Antonakakis, N., Chatziantoniou, I., Gabauer, D., 2020. Refined measures of dynamic connectedness based on time-varying parameter vector autoregressions. J. Risk Financial Manag. 13 (4), 84.
- Asseng, S., Ewert, F., Martre, P., Rötter, R.P., Lobell, D.B., Cammarano, D., et al., 2015. Rising temperatures reduce global wheat production. Nature Clim. Change 5 (2), 143–147.
- Bae, K.H., Karolyi, G.A., Stulz, R.M., 2003. A new approach to measuring financial contagion. Rev. Financ. Stud. 16 (3), 717–763.
- Balcilar, M., Gabauer, D., Umar, Z., 2021. Crude oil futures contracts and commodity markets: New evidence from a TVP-VAR extended joint connectedness approach. Resour. Policy 73, 102219.
- Barndorff-Nielsen, O.E., Shephard, N., 2002. Estimating quadratic variation using realized variance. J. Appl. Econometrics 17 (5), 457–477.
- Barndorff-Nielsen, O.E., Shephard, N., 2004. Econometric analysis of realized covariation: High frequency based covariance, regression, and correlation in financial economics. Econometrica 72 (3), 885–925.
- Bissoondoyal-Bheenick, E., Brooks, R., Do, H.X., 2019. Asymmetric relationship between order imbalance and realized volatility: Evidence from the Australian market. Int. Rev. Econ. Finance 62, 309–320.
- Broadstock, D.C., Chatziantoniou, I., Gabauer, D., 2022. Minimum connectedness portfolios and the market for green bonds: Advocating socially responsible investment (SRI) activity. In: Applications in Energy Finance: The Energy Sector, Economic Activity, Financial Markets and the Environment. Springer International Publishing, Cham, pp. 217–253.
- Byttebier, K., 2022. Covid-19 and Capitalism: Success and Failure of the Legal Methods for Dealing with a Pandemic. Springer Nature, p. 1092.
- Caporin, M., Naeem, M.A., Arif, M., Hasan, M., Vo, X.V., Shahzad, S.J.H., 2021. Asymmetric and time-frequency spillovers among commodities using high-frequency data. Resour. Policy 70, 101958.
- Chevallier, J., Ielpo, F., 2013. Volatility spillovers in commodity markets. Appl. Econ. Lett. 20 (13), 1211–1227.
- Chowdhury, E.K., Khan, I.I., Dhar, B.K., 2021. Catastrophic impact of COVID-19 on the global equity markets and economic activities. Bus. Soc. Rev..
- Diebold, F.X., Yilmaz, K., 2009. Measuring financial asset return and volatility spillovers, with application to global equity markets. Econ. J. 119 (534), 158–171.
- Diebold, F.X., Yilmaz, K., 2012. Better to give than to receive: Predictive directional measurement of volatility spillovers. Int. J. Forecast. 28 (1), 57–66.

1479




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

Do, H.X., Brooks, R.D., Treepongkaruna, S., Wu, E., 2016. Stock and currency market linkages: New evidence from realized spillovers in higher moments. Int. Rev. Econ. Finance 42, 167–185.

Elleby, C., Domínguez, I.P., Adenauer, M., Genovese, G., 2020. Impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global agricultural markets. Environ. Resour. Econ. 76 (4), 1067–1079.

Engle, R., 2002. Dynamic conditional correlation: A simple class of multivariate generalized autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity models. J. Bus. Econom. Statist. 20 (3), 339–350.

Evans, C., Saunders, O., 2015. A world of copper: globalizing the industrial revolution, 1830–70. J. Glob. Hiequity 10 (1), 3–26.

Farid, S., Naeem, M.A., Paltrinieri, A., Nepal, R., 2022. Impact of COVID-19 on the quantile connectedness between energy, metals and agriculture commodities. Energy Econ. 109, 105962.

Fung, W., Hsieh, D.A., 1999. A primer on hedge funds. J. Empir. Financ. 6 (3), 309–331.

Gong, X., Jin, Y., Liu, T., 2023. Analyzing pure contagion between crude oil and agricultural futures markets. Energy 269, 126757.

Goodell, J.W., Goutte, S., 2021. Co-movement of COVID-19 and bitcoin: Evidence from wavelet coherence analysis. Finance Res. Lett. 38, 101625.

Groww, 2022. Where does India get its oil supply?. Available at: https://groww.in/blog/where-does-india-get-its-oil-supply.

Hameiri, S., Jones, L., Heathershaw, J., 2019. Reframing the rising powers debate: State transformation and foreign policy. Third World Q. 40 (8), 1397–1414.

Hasan, M., Mahi, M., Sarker, T., Amin, M., 2021. Spillovers of the COVID-19 pandemic: Impact on global economic activity, the equity market, and the energy sector. J. Risk Financial Manag. 14 (5), 200.

Investopedia, 2021. Top 10 countries with the highest demand for gold jewelry. Available at: https://www.investopedia.com/news/top-10-countries-highest-demand-gold-jewelry/.

Jena, P.R., Majhi, R., Kalli, R., Managi, S., Majhi, B., 2021. Impact of COVID-19 on GDP of major economies: Application of the artificial neural network forecaster. Econ. Anal. Policy 69, 324–339.

Jhunjhunwala, S., Suresh, S., 2020. Commodity and stock market interlinkages: Opportunities and challenges for investors in Indian market. Glob. Bus. Rev. 0972150920946413.

Kang, S.H., McIver, R., Yoon, S.M., 2017. Dynamic spillover effects among crude oil, precious metal, and agricultural commodity futures markets. Energy Econ. 62, 19–32.

Koop, G., Pesaran, M.H., Potter, S.M., 1996. Impulse response analysis in nonlinear multivariate models. J. Econometrics 74 (1), 119–147.

Kumar, S., Pradhan, A.K., Tiwari, A.K., Kang, S.H., 2019. Correlations and volatility spillovers between oil, natural gas, and equity prices in India. Resour. Policy 62, 282–291.

Li, W., Chien, F., Kamran, H.W., Aldeehani, T.M., Sadiq, M., Nguyen, V.C., Taghizadeh-Hesary, F., 2022. The nexus between COVID-19 fear and stock market volatility. Econ. Res.-Ekonomska IstraŽ 35 (1), 1765–1785.

Liang, B., 1999. On the performance of hedge funds. Financ. Anal. J. 55 (4), 72–85.

Liu, P.C., 1994. Wavelet spectrum analysis and ocean wind waves. In: Wavelet Analysis and its Applications, vol. 4. Academic Press, pp. 151–166.

Liu, Y., Wei, Y., Wang, Q., Liu, Y., 2022. International equity market risk contagion during the COVID-19 pandemic. Finance Res. Lett. 45, 102145.

Lu, R., Zeng, H., 2023. VIX and major agricultural future markets: dynamic linkage and time-frequency relations around the COVID-19 outbreak. Stud. Econ. Finance 40 (2), 334–353.

Maghyereh, A.I., Awartani, B., Bouri, E., 2016. The directional volatility connectedness between crude oil and equity markets: New evidence from implied volatility indexes. Energy Econ. 57, 78–93.

Maitra, D., Dawar, V., 2019. Return and volatility spillover among commodity futures, equity market and exchange rate: Evidence from India. Glob. Bus. Rev. 20 (1), 214–237.

Majumder, S.B., 2022. Searching for hedging and safe haven assets for Indian equity market–A comparison between gold, cryptocurrency and commodities. Indian Growth Dev. Rev..

Mensi, W., Shafiullah, M., Vo, X.V., Kang, S.H., 2021. Volatility spillovers between strategic commodity futures and stock markets and portfolio implications: Evidence from developed and emerging economies. Resour. Policy 71, 102002.

Mishra, A.K., Arunachalam, V., Olson, D., Patnaik, D., 2023. Dynamic connectedness in commodity futures markets during Covid-19 in India: New evidence from a TVP-VAR extended joint connectedness approach. Resour. Policy 82, 103490.

Mwangi, L.W., Makau, M.S., Kosimbei, G., 2014. Relationship between capital structure and performance of non-financial companies listed in the nairobi securities exchange, Kenya. Glob. J. Contemp. Res. Account., Audit. Bus. Ethics 1 (2), 72–90.

Naeem, M.A., Hasan, M., Arif, M., Suleman, M.T., Kang, S.H., 2022. Oil and gold as a hedge and safe-haven for metals and agricultural commodities with portfolio implications. Energy Econ. 105, 105758.

Nicola, M., Alsafi, Z., Sohrabi, C., Kerwan, A., Al-Jabir, A., Iosifidis, C., et al., 2020. The socio-economic implications of the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19): A review. Int. J. Surg. 78, 185–193.

Nissanke, M., 2012. Commodity market linkages in the global financial crisis: Excess volatility and development impacts. J. Dev. Stud. 48 (6), 732–750.

Obayelu, A.E., Obayelu, O.A., Bolarinwa, K.K., Oyeyinka, R.A., 2021. Assessment of the immediate and potential long-term effects of COVID-19 outbreak on socioeconomics, agriculture, security of food and dietary intake in Nigeria. Food Ethics 6 (1), 1–22.

Pesaran, H.H., Shin, Y., 1998. Generalized impulse response analysis in linear multivariate models. Econom. Lett. 58 (1), 17–29.

Pham, L., Do, H.X., 2022. Green bond and implied volatilities: Dynamic causality, spillovers, and implications for portfolio management. Energy Econ. 112, 106106.

Reinhart, C.M., Reinhart, V.R., 2009. Capital flow bonanzas: An encompassing view of the past and present. In: NBER International Seminar on Macroeconomics, Vol. 5, (1). The University of Chicago Press, Chicago, IL, pp. 9–62.

Rizwan, M.S., Ahmad, G., Ashraf, D., 2020. Systemic risk: The impact of COVID-19. Finance Res. Lett. 36, 101682.

Roy, R.P., Roy, S.S., 2017. Financial contagion and volatility spillover: An exploration into Indian commodity derivative market. Econ. Model. 67, 368–380.

Saqib, N., Satar, M.S., 2021. Exploring business model innovation for competitive advantage: a lesson from an emerging market. Int. J. Innov. Sci..

Soni, R.K., Nandan, T., 2022. Modeling Covid-19 contagious effect between asset markets and commodity futures in India. Resour. Policy 79, 103061.

Su, C.W., Huang, S.W., Qin, M., Umar, M., 2021. Does crude oil price stimulate economic policy uncertainty in brics? Pac.-Basin Finance J. 66, 101519.

Tiwari, A.K., Abakah, E.J.A., Karikari, N.K., Hammoudeh, S., 2022. Time-varying dependence dynamics between international commodity prices and Australian industry stock returns: a perspective for portfolio diversification. Energy Econ. 108, 105891.

Torrence, C., Compo, G.P., 1998. A practical guide to wavelet analysis. Bull. Am. Meteorol. Soc. 79 (1), 61–78.

Torrence, C., Webster, P.J., 1999. Interdecadal changes in the ENSO-monsoon system. J. Clim. 12 (8), 2679–2690.

Umar, Z., Gubareva, M., Naeem, M., Akhter, A., 2021. Return and volatility transmission between oil price shocks and agricultural commodities. PLoS One 16 (2), e0246886.

Vacha, L., Barunik, J., 2012. Co-movement of energy commodities revisited: Evidence from wavelet coherence analysis. Energy Econ. 34 (1), 241–247.

Wei, Y., Bai, L., Yang, K., Wei, G., 2021. Are industry-level indicators more helpful to forecast industrial equity volatility? Evidence from Chinese manufacturing purchasing managers index. J. Forecast. 40 (1), 17–39.

Yadav, M.P., Vasakarla, V., Arora, M., 2020. Volatility spillover: Equity markets to commodity markets. SCMS J. Indian Manag. 17 (3), 103–113.

1480




R. Lu, W. Xu, H. Zeng et al. Economic Analysis and Policy 78 (2023) 1465–1481

Zeng, H., Lu, R., 2022. High-frequency volatility connectedness and time-frequency correlation among Chinese equity and major commodity markets around COVID-19. Invest. Manag. Financial Innov. 19 (2), 260–273.

Zeng, H., Lu, R., Ahmed, A.D., 2023a. Dynamic dependencies and return connectedness among stock, gold and bitcoin markets: Evidence from south Asia and China. Equilib. Q. J. Econ. Econ. Policy 18 (1), 49–87.

Zeng, H., Lu, R., Ahmed, A.D., 2023b. Return connectedness and multiscale spillovers across clean energy indices and grain commodity markets around COVID-19 crisis. J. Environ. Manag. 340, 117912.

Zhang, H., Jin, C., Bouri, E., Gao, W., Xu, Y., 2022. Realized higher-order moments spillovers between commodity and stock markets: Evidence from China. J. Commod. Markets 100275.

Zhu, B., Lin, R., Deng, Y., Chen, P., Chevallier, J., 2021. Intersectoral systemic risk spillovers between energy and agriculture under the financial and COVID-19 crises. Econ. Model. 105, 105651.

1481
